Hi everybody and welcome back.
We're moving into a new section now and that section follows on from the last and it's numerical lists.
So in today's world you hear a lot about big data the ability to crunch an incomprehensible amount of
information.
Providing us with invaluable insights we wouldn't otherwise have fundamentally big data is less massive
amounts of information unless to be analyzed we've looked at list containing strings.
But what about numerical lists such as scores data bank balance details distances populations and countless
other numerical lists pite provide a number of tools to help us work with list of numbers and the great
thing is once you understand how to use these tools they'll work just as well with a list of millions
of items as they do with a list of just a few dozen isn't pite and just great.
So let's play one into the next lecture and get started with our numerical lists.
I'll see you in the next lecture.